Hi and welcome to our web API is introduction course where we're going to be covering how to access
Jason data make use of Jason data and make ajax requests to return content back and use it within your
web application.
My name is Lawrence and I'm excited to be the instructor for this course.
I really enjoy working with JavaScript.
I come to you with 20 years of web development javascript experience connecting to web API is is a essential
part of being able to build web applications.
And I'm going to be showing you how you can connect to various Web APIs throughout the upcoming lesson.
Source Code is also included as well as this handy PDA f guide that is meant to supplement the course
content and walk you through the various lessons that are up and coming including some useful links
resources and source code as well as most lessons will have a challenge for you to try the code out
see what you can do with JavaScript javascript each team LCROSS are prerequisites to this course as
this course is focused on JavaScript objects Jason and making ajax requests and anything related to
ajax requests with JavaScript we're gonna be covering what JavaScript objects are with JavaScript arrays
are with plenty of examples how we can iterate through the array contents how can it iterate through
object contents and then getting Jason data and passing and string refining that data into usable objects
and then it's going to come to the fun part where we're going to be connecting to using content files
in order to output data into our application there is an explanation about how to use fetch as well
as how to create Jason bins online that you can connect to and practice making ajax requests to and
pulling that data back into your web applications and then also using fetch in a number of different
ways connecting to data that's on your server itself as a Jason File and then also using fetch with
the arrow function expressions and then we're going to connect to various Web APIs to really get lots
of practice and get familiar with connecting various Jason data and then iterating through and looping
through that data in order to output it into our page.
So this includes using random user API the Reddit post API get hub repo API Stack Overflow API and then
also connected to Google Sheet data also how you can output your own Google Sheet data as Jason File
and connect to it with your web application and bring the data into your web application and there's
a number of challenges throat and also showing you how you can post data using fetch and then retrieve
back those posts and page me through a bunch of Jason data creating an interactive web application Source
Code is include a layout of the lessons is that the source code is going to be on the left hand side
within the editor and on the right hand side you're going to be able to see the code in action within
the Chrome browser using console quite a bit if you have any questions or comments I'm always happy
to hear you in the Q and A section of the course.
So let's dive right in and start coding some javascript.